--- What is collaborative Filtering (CF)---
Is unsupervised.
Collaborators =  users
Filtering = automatic predictions filtered by the preference
If the user A has the same taste as B it 's more likely that these two will agree on the future than wth a random person.
Its like the marriage in a simple exaple but extended to  many persons, an "open marriage relationship".

--- Techniques on Recommendation systems for collaborative filtering ---
Goffrey Hinton shown that RBM for collaborative filtering sightly won the SVD models on Netflix.
When both are lineraly combined had error less than  6% that the Netfli own system.
Ref : Restricted Boltzmann Machines for Collaborative Filtering

--- Requirements on CF / Problems of CF ---
1. Very large datasets,
2. Very large diversity and independence of opinions,
3. Input of new users create the cold start problem, limited to accuracy because of non enough data
   for the new entry, requires the user's past.
4. Cold start also is for items, require ratings from many collaborators.
5. Scalability,large sparcity of matrixes creates performance issues like on OTE.
6. Synonyms, the CF gets confussed with synnonyms and teats them differently.
7. Neutral users do not give value to the system nor take value.
5. Users with extreme tastes make reccomendations very hard.
6. Biased users give to their own items more rating than to the other side.
7. Rich get richer effect, the long tail effect breaks.

--- Steps of CF---
1. Find similarities of users or items
2. Precict the rating of the items that are not rated yet by the users.
ONLY using the rating despite the users' differencies if they exist.

--- Accuracy measure---
RMSE, MAE etc.

--- Family algos for CF---
1. Memory based, are statistical, kNN
2.  Factorized - Dimensionality Reductions family
PCA, SVD, NFM, Autoencoders, Restricted Boltzman Machines.

--- Why i do not chose NN approaches---
From previous experience with CF, Autoencoders, Restricted Boltzman Machines

1. they require much more memory and time for training
2. time for development, there are not in sklearn.
3. Also we have to use one hot encoding this will cause the cource of dimensionality and memory crash.
4. Tensor Process Unit is not available.
5. These methods does not mean significant less error if the data are
   not too much.In our case we do not have too much data.


-> I use statistical based algorithm like KNN.


--- Improving Recommendation Lists Through Topic Diversification ---
1. Balancing top-N recommendation lists according to the active user’s full range of interests
2. Intra-list similarity metric.
3. Accuracy versus user satisfaction
4. Book dataset :
    K-folding with parameter K = 4
    Train 3/4 , Test 1/4